good job good morning Christina hey wait
good morning Christina reward here can
you stop playing it around a little bit
make him work for it there you go
no different than protection helper he's
gonna it's a it's a fight with the
helper right there you go how about just
do it out and then go back into it again
hold still out grip good job
wait hey do that again but I really want
you to jump act like you're trying to I
want him to miss it
yeah jump back and say Doug so jump back
Doug but don't make him miss other words
okay don't don't no don't come Platts
okay I'll show you for freedom release
some bed I don't have to get the tag
release okay I'm gonna hold it wait you
hold it down door closes mouth you hold
it down close okay now jump back and say
tag but really quick so you have to work
for it there you go that's what I wanted
not necessarily always missing it but I
want him to not just man just walk
forward and grab it
I owe him too he's got to learn to lunge
and grab it there that's okay after this
little bit
jump there he go this this time move and
then say tug oh I just was hoping you
create a little bit more distance you
have to really work for it hijacker
sorry was that sorry was that was that
load too much can be discouraged with me
good morning Kristina good morning
Christina there there you go I like the
idea make him work
okay good you're gonna have to say tug
first and then move yeah it's gonna
stink it's gonna cause a slower out
because he's he knows what's coming
there you go ah so that was interesting
he came forward and underneath it let's
not bring it up so high until he learns
to really lunch work there better yep
but play with the don't just take my
word for it maybe maybe him jumping for
it you'll learn not to be lazy thank you
so good job you know why cuz we just did
three out sit get in the heel I mean it
get boring I notice when you out at that
time no you were taking it what you can
walk up to him Tugg again go ahead play
with them a little bit
okay hold it down about weights level do
not move until I tell you lower now say
out don't move it don't move it now Doug
good so when he's outing you're kind of
prying it out of his mouth you're
creating a little bit well it's getting
caught on this teeth and I think you're
creating a little bit of it I got on
video so you can watch it later you'll
see what I mean you're pushing to the
ground sit back and go back and play all
right yep they're right there Dee that
was already cleaner
do you notice it yeah I think you've
been trying to pull it out of his mouth
or roll it out now here can you do
another down with them flat yeah so you
can sometimes push him into it like not
really push them but you know go to it
down with them
okay and we'll ease it and down give
like little Yanks on it like really have
set the grip he's not letting go you
didn't tell him how right so yeah now
maybe you should hold on to it